# AI Policy

“AI” herein refers to generative AI tools like large language models (LLMs) that can generate, edit, and review software code, create and manipulate images, or generate human-like communication.

## Responsibility
- You are responsible for any code you submit, regardless of whether it was manually written or generated by AI
- You must understand and be able to explain the code you submit as well as the existing related code
- In explaining your contribution, do not use AI to automatically generate descriptions
- You must disclose whether AI has been used to assist in the development of your pull request

## Code Quality
- Contributors are expected to submit code that meets projects standards and coding style
- We will reject pull requests that we deem being “AI slop”
- Do not waste developers’ time by submitting code that is fully or mostly generated by AI, and doesn’t meet our standards

## Copyright
- Contributors license their code under the same license when it is included into version control repository. That means contributors must own the copyright of any code submitted.
- Code generated by AI may infringe on copyright and it is the submitter’s responsibility to not infringe. We reserve the right to reject any pull requests, AI generated or not, where the copyright is in question.

## Communication
- When interacting with developers (forum, discussions, issues, pull requests, etc.) do not use AI to speak for you.
- Human-to-human communication is essential for an open source community to thrive.

## AI Agents
- The use of an AI agent that writes code and then submits a pull request autonomously is not permitted.
- A human must check any generated code and submit a pull request according to the ‘Responsibility’ section above.

---
Based on SciPy AI policy: https://scipy.github.io/devdocs/dev/conduct/ai_policy.html
